# Google's GEO Advice

**Channel:** Content and Conversation (Eli Schwartz)
**YouTube URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSU67DOqljY

---

Eli, I think the first thing we should lead with is tomorrow is Google I/O. So, anyone listening to this is going to publish after I/O. Hopefully, nothing we say is immediately dated. But, we structured this to to hopefully do that. You're fly You're fly You're flying in Austin going ahead and straight to Is it Mountain View? Palo >> Alto? Yes, Mountain View. >> Mountain >> Being at the theater right across the street from Google's campus. >> Okay, nice. Hopefully, our whole world doesn't change in a week, but uh uh I'm sure I'm sure you'll have a great time there. I mean, most relevant thing that is not going to change in a week, I don't believe cuz Google just put it out, is they talked about uh guidance for AI search. They released this post. We'll put in the show notes. Little overview on YouTube. What was your thought on that that post and uh what it says about how to actually do this thing or not? >> I actually think this is 15 years too late. As I read this thing, it's basically how to do SEO. Write unique content. Don't be commoditized. Have a unique point of view. Serve the user. These are all things that Google has always said, but I don't think they ever had a really comprehensive guide on what SEO is. That you're supposed to serve a user. You're supposed to not spam Google. The little piece on citations, that has never been said before about buying backlinks. They have like if you look at the I guess they call it spammy activities. It's manipulated links, but they didn't really go at this entire concept of like acquire links because you're going to spam us. It's like they talked about it more in a technical standpoint, and here they're speaking about from a marketing standpoint. And that's why I think it's late because this is what SEO is. So, this entire guide is how to do SEO, and don't worry so much about the AI piece of this because that's a layer on top of SEO. So, that was my first reaction in reading that. >> Okay. Even uh yeah, I I I agree completely in terms of it was broken down in terms of best practices that effectively they echoed some of what Danny Sullivan recently put on a stage of like create non-commodity content, uh which is not anything new for search. But then they also have this new section around myth-busting like LLMs.txt, chunking, um what else is on here? Rewriting content for AI systems, seeking inauthentic mentions, and then finally over-focusing on structured data. What was your reaction to kind of that myth-busting? >> So, I don't know that we've ever had a moment in time where there are companies, agencies, and people that are actively promoting us a voice that is anti-SEO. And this is the time. This is the time we have it with a number of companies in the AI space. So, you've always had nefarious agencies, but they didn't rise to the level of maybe Sundar at Google knowing about this, or everyone at Search knowing about this. This was dirty SEO. Everyone knew it was dirty SEO. And now we have these companies because of the money they're raising, because of the noise they're making, that their voices have been elevated and people think it's real. So, that's why Google has to come out and say whatever a company you raised all this money that's advocating for LLMs.txt, no, you don't need to do that. You raised all this money and you're on CNBC, and you're in the Wall Street Journal, and you're in the New York Times talking about how you've invented some great way to get AI visibility because of chunking, no, Google says you don't need to do that. And that's why I think they're coming out and saying these things. These are all things that they shouldn't have to say, but somehow these voices are elevated to the point where too many people believe them to be true. And you know what? It's even worse, because right now they're still they're going to say that Google's lying, and it's Google's wrong. You still need to do these things. >> I I never understand this Google lying thing because Google does so many things and they make so much money off of different aspects of their business. There's no reason they would need to lie to the SEO community. I I agree. I feel like there's absence of truth or is there a right word? Is that a white lie? Or there's like not the full information sometimes. Like how I the this all makes sense to me the core thing I feel like I mean they sort of quasi say it but they don't. That in summary how I I think about the difference between geo and SEO is like you're an aggregation of the information about you. It's not just your website. So it could be the third-party mentions, the third-party reviews. And they don't really It's almost like an SEO guide and they're almost They didn't add anything new to the geo conversation when to me clearly they're using third-party reviews. And basically how that whole page one aggregates together to say you are the best or you're not. It's very obviously impacting eye search to me and they're not they're leaving that out. If they say in authentic mentions in this don't go after those. So they're not saying mentions are bad effectively but they're not saying clearly this is an important vehicle for AI visibility. Does that make sense? Or at least how I read it. >> So I think if you think about like the voices of Google and general Google PR, this is not something that general Google PR even needs to know about. So I went to Google Search Live in Zurich in November. I don't think Google PR even knew that event happened. I don't think the top levels of Google PR need to vet the things that are being said at those kinds of events. And there were a lot of people that at the things they said there, Danny wasn't there. Um I forget who the Googlers were. John was John Mueller was there. A lot of people are like, "Oh, they're lying. They're They're always lying." There's no reason to lie. Like this isn't does not impact their search price. There's uh their stock price. This is totally not valuable to their business. They are just trying to be helpful. So, I think when it comes to talking about like how AI search works and they're speaking to the SEO community, there's no upside to them lying. There's no Yes, they may not say everything and they shouldn't say everything because everything they say is going to be manipulated by all these nefarious agencies. Exactly. So, but I don't think there's any financial or personal And that's the other thing that has that people say like, "Well, the Googlers want to lie because they're evil." And they're not evil people, they're just people with jobs at a company called Google. And then, you know, in a year from now they might move to another company and they they're not going to remain evil. That's their job. They're They're just working at Google. >> being evil. >> Exactly. So, I don't get that. Like why would you think these people are the devil working at Google? So, I don't see any reason that they should be lying. It doesn't affect a company. It doesn't affect a stock price. It It doesn't impact their careers. They obviously should not be saying everything, but they're not going to lead anybody down the wrong road just because. >> Yeah. No, I I I agree. I don't think anyone's being misled misled here. Um but it it is interesting that it effectively reads as an SEO god. But I I can see how the whole geo movement people were looking for what are these new things and of course those things were louder even if they're not necessarily represented correctly and it sounds like that was sort of their main main reason for putting this out. >> Yeah, well, I had a recent newsletter on this where I talked about this idea of you can't manipulate things to be something that you're not. And when you think about And the example I used is best burger. So, like what's the best burger near me? >> Uh-huh. >> The way to be the best burger near you is to be the best burger. So, with SEO, you've always had this way of well, I have a really crappy product. However, I'm really good at SEO. So, now when someone Googles the name of my product or my product category or best I don't know, t-shirt, I can show up because I've done really good SEO and then people buy it and they discover that you're not the best. >> What AI is doing is it's trying to incorporate and you're talking about citations and the mentions. It's trying to incorporate all those real things. Like, what makes something be the best and it aggregates that up. And in an artificial way because it's not a human, it tries to understand what is the best and then you show up as best. And it's not because and I I see this all the time. It's not because you made a page about like, we're the best burger, we're the best t-shirt, we're the best software tool. No, it's because like, the right voices. And it's not only Reddit. So, the AEO community as as if that could exist, gravitated towards Reddit manipulation, but it's not only Reddit. Reddit is one of those things that might represent that word of mouth in the way brands are perceived. >> Right. Okay, so you're saying you can't or you're saying you can't >> be able to, but it's not but it's not there yet. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think of it of like, you the Yeah, depends what brand you are, where you are, like the I think AI is quite quite good at figuring it out by default, but us as markers maybe could take a seven out of 10 and push it to nine out of 10. Like, that's our place in the ecosystem effectively. Through generating more of those mentions, accelerating the mentions. Um things of that nature, but we'll see how see how it all proceeds. Anything else on that guide before we shift? >> I I think the the most important thing that is, you know, being drawn out of this guide is that AEO, GEO, they refer to both the both of those things, is just SEO. And I think that's like the wrong take. I think it's it's really SEO is about humans. SEO and and we'll talk about how this layers into careers, but SEO is about humans and creating good things for humans. Humans are now going to consume this new thing of again, whether it's AI overviews or AI mode, which I don't think Google's going to be pushing as a default very soon, but it will become default. >> Or it's Gemini. And Gemini or again, we could talk about ChatGPT, we're talking with Google right now, but like that's the way humans are now consuming things. So, it's SEO, but in this new UI instead of the new UI becomes the new SEO. >> Right. I mean, there's the very uh future-looking a agents optimizing for agents work workflow, but we're probably a few years out from that. >> But I think as consumers, regular consumers, I don't think we're going to be in an agent-consuming world. And the the one I think the thing that you can measure how uh consumers are going to use agents is can you undo what the agent has done? So, would you allow an agent to do all your grocery shopping for you if it gets delivered and you can't bring it back? Groceries are one of those things we don't bring back to the store. Amazon, you send it back, right? But with like you I yes, I'll let uh agent buy my Amazon stuff because if I don't like it, I'll tell my my agent to click return and then I have to >> Yeah. Yeah. >> the UPS store, which is annoying, but not that bad. What if you got $500 of groceries and it was nothing you wanted? I don't think we would do that. So, until we're in a world where agents are in our head and know exactly what we want, I don't think the adoption curve will be that steep for everyone. Again, not talking about like the early adopters, tech people, but for everyone, I don't think we're going to be in an an agent-only world. That's it. >> Yeah. Yeah, we're we're relatively far off from that, but it will be interesting to watch for us as marketers. There's There's a lot of AI companies out there. All their customers are super early adopters. There's a lot of money in the AI companies. >> Yeah. >> So there's actually a decent pie slice. We'll see if that eventually implodes it at least a segment of it maybe likely is likely to do so but it'll be interesting in a segment. So you came on I think it was our second podcast or was it our first? I think our second one. We talked about SEO careers. I think it was very early AI at that point when >> No AI didn't exist. >> No no AI. >> No no this I think it was pre-COVID which is like a whole different world. >> movies at that point. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. But now we're there and it is a much different landscape to say to say the least. So what what is your current point of view of the the state of SEO careers right now? Where are we at? >> I think there's a tremendous mismatch between what companies want to hire for what skills are available and what employees in these roles deserve to be paid. >> Okay. >> So what companies want right now and you know my perspective comes from I was very fortunate in that my last full-time SEO role I was at SurveyMonkey and I reported very high in organizations. So I reported when I first started I reported to director of marketing reported to CTO reported to CEO. And then when I left I was reporting to VP of marketing who reported I think directly to the CEO. So I the SEO voice was very very high within the company. That is not something I I hear today at all. SEO is very far in the basement of the organizational hierarchy which means and this is why I think we're having a lot of this SEO AEO GEO stuff because suddenly a CEO is on LinkedIn or they're reading the Wall Street Journal and they're like what do we do about this AI stuff and suddenly this person who has never been in these executive meetings, is forced to like explain rag and rankings and and like chunking and text and stuff. Yes. And the and the CEO's like, "I don't think you know what the hell you're talking about. I'm going to buy that tool that was being pitched to me." And I think that's the world we're in where suddenly they're interested and there's this huge mismatch. So what companies are actually looking for is check the box. Just tell me that I'm good with this AI thing. And another thing that has happened, we had this like confluence of events which caused all this interest, is helpful content, the helpful content updates which I think they were just started 2 years ago. They were brutal for many companies who do not do the things that are in this new Google guide, which is they did not provide unique voices. They provided commodity content. They were promoting content that wasn't that valuable and even some of the biggest brands out there have been destroyed by this. So you look at NerdWallet's graphs, like they're a public company. You look at CNET's graphs, they're a public company. You look at the New York Times, like a lot of this content New York Ti- the regular New York Times is fine, but New York Times has these affiliate sections that are are not and they produce Wirecutter. But there's there's other th- there's other things that are less valuable, they're just for traffic. You look at all the media properties who were um I forget the name of it. What was the the coupon update? >> Uh the update itself or you're talking about like RetailMeNot and >> where they have the subdomains with the coupons. >> Oh, uh parasite SEO? >> Yes. So you had all these media companies that were doing this parasite SEO. So like when the meet when the revenues were being reported, it was called SEO revenue. So suddenly you have these updates that come out and SEO revenue goes down and the CEO's are looking at this as, "Oh, you're missing SEO." Like suddenly I've never needed to pay attention to this. SEO was just fine. And now suddenly need to pay pay attention. And by the way, what are you doing about this AI thing? So, we have this huge problem. So, the CEOs are looking, I have an SEO team, they're not good. They're not doing the thing I need to do, and they don't understand AI. So, what the CEOs and executives actually want out of the SEO team is revenue and confidence in that they're they got this AI thing covered. That's what the companies want. There are a number of employees who have been at this job for a very long time, and because of the way SEO has been pushed down the organizational hierarchy, the SEO employees, and we talked about this in the last podcast, are not getting promoted because SEO is not important enough within the organization. So, some of the smartest SEOs I know, they stop being SEOs. They move elsewhere within the company, or if they're really good, they leave and they become consultants, or they leave and create their own agencies because that's the way to get make more money for their skills. And then at then you have people entering the industry, and they're coming in new in these companies, they're trying to solve this big need, make sure SEO is being covered, make sure AI is being covered, and there there's not a lot of direction on what they need to be doing. So, what they're doing is reporting on rankings. Now, they're reporting on prompts, and they're not they don't really have the customer empathy, the creativity, and even the the organizational bandwidth to do the things that the companies want. So, we're at this interesting place within SEO careers where companies want something, employees want something, and there are new people entering the industry which are not going to solve any of this. >> Interrupting this podcast to tell you about something new we're putting out that's really exciting. It's a book on generative engine optimization, the definitive guide to AI SEO. Wrote this in a quarter sprint in Q4, and it tackles the ins and outs of AI search and all the actual ways you can drive more visibility online from lessons in the trenches with uh many of the great brands we work with here at Siege Media. So, if you want to check it out, you can pre-order it now on Amazon. Just search Geo Ross Hudgens or Geo book Ross Hudgens gender bending optimization Ross Hudgens you know how this search thing works and you will find that. Also, you can find it in the show notes for this podcast wherever you look online. Yeah, it's it's challenging. I mean there's so many organizations out there that just don't have any attribution to AI besides referral traffic. Thankfully chat GPT at the time of this publishing just pumps their referral traffic cuz they want people to click on their ads in the last week. We'll see how that continues, but we've been recommending to anyone who will listen to us to add self-attribution in the conversion flow. But for people who don't have that, it's like the most terrible time for them to be showing to declining traffic. AI search traffic is so low. It's just kind of a black box of of revenue. If I'm a CEO, I would understandably be like, "How can I point to this person making me any money right now? I can't I can't really." >> Yeah, it's a little unfair because they've never been asked to show how they've made revenue. There was a company I was consulting with and we were looking at their at their road map and I just I added a column. I'm like, "What's your what's your hypothesis? Like how is this going to help the business?" Instead of like everything was a best practice check the box. Like, "Well, we need to fix our 302s and make it 301s." Like, "Okay, what's going to happen if we have the engineering team spend the next 3 weeks working on this? What comes out of it?" And it's like, "Well, we have 301s instead of 302s." But if the engineering team works on this other thing that makes us money, then that's better. So I'm like, "What's the revenue outcome?" And the the team couldn't figure it out because they've never been asked this before. They never had any insight into what happens downstream. They didn't even know who to talk to. So analytic the Google Analytics This is a weird thing I've seen with many companies where they have like Google Analytics Premium, which costs I think $360,000 per year. They're all I'll ask them questions and they'll be like, "Well, it's inaccurate." I'm like, "How do you spend $360,000, but you don't trust your your >> [laughter] >> your tool of record?" Like, "None of this the revenue is triple counted. We think it's triple counted. Maybe it's quadruple counted." I'm like, "So, then fix that, right? If you want to know what your revenue is." But, the the SEO team never had that line of sight into what happened downstream. So, I'm asking these questions and they're frustrated with the questions. They're like, "Why Why do I need to know what the upside is to 301s versus 302s? And why do I need to know what the upside is to translating our site into Spanish?" Like, because it costs you money. It costs the team money. And you should be making the company money because if you don't, those tough questions get asked where the the leadership says, "Well, what have you guys done in the last year?" And you're like, "Well, I I made 302s and 301s. I killed 16,000 soft 404s. I I've improved our our our page speed. I've got all these prompts." And like, "Well, so the the the paid team has made this amount of money and the brand team I have many gripes with how brand teams count the money they've made, but the brand brand team has a report where they've made us $10 million and you're telling me that you've tracked prompts. So, we're going to do layoffs now and you're the team that goes because I just can't explain to the CFO why we should keep you." Right. >> Yeah. It's rough. I I mean, one thing that may there's a the beauty of these tools now that I I'm personally excited about that connects to what you're speaking to is just the power of like MCP servers and using my Google Analytics MCP server. You can now give the dates of the changes you made in the past and not need to be an expert in analytics and it would reliably give you some context for what kind of lift you you created if not or if any. Hopefully you have some kind of positive lift or vice versa like if you struggle getting context out of an analytics platform, these tools make it very user-friendly to do that. So, set up that MCP server and now you can hopefully be more confident than you previously had uh getting that data out. >> But they're not being asked the questions and I I think >> Yeah. >> they're they're not being trained on how to do these things. >> Right. >> And I I'd say nine out of 10 SEO teams I meet, that's that's the truth. >> Uh let's say the the they have that skill set. I mean, that's sounds not super rosy. I mean, the the teams are getting smaller, attribution is is tough, um >> [snorts] >> executives are sniffing around and not not having confidence, but let's assume someone has that ironed out. Or or I don't know. Yeah, what what Are you telling people they should shift careers or like what's your what's your guidance for people in that besides learn how to do that? So, >> I actually think we're at a really cool inflection point that's going to benefit both of us uh as consultants and agencies where there is a tremendous amount of need for the skill set that SEO provides, but it's not being met by the existing supply side of SEO. >> Okay. >> So, as an example, we're in Austin right now and I saw some towers for Indeed and I saw a bunch of stuff sponsored by Dell. Now, there These are companies and I'm sure there are other Austin companies. >> Yes. >> [laughter] >> These are companies that no [clears throat] matter what, no matter what happens with AI, I think we can agree that search is not going to die. There is there will always be getting the the how organic search looks will obviously change. It has It changed when mobile became a thing. We'll see what happens at IO, but I I feel like one of the big things that Google will likely announce is something around more wearables or devices. >> to say this on on >> Oh, no, no, no, they >> recording right now? >> [laughter] >> Well, that's going to Well, I think that that Google So, there there will likely not be that many surprises because Google like leaks these things cuz again, they care about their stock price and they don't want like investors to be like, "Well, we had no idea that was coming." So, this is developer conference. So, they've been talking a lot about wearables and they just launched something recently for I think glasses. So, they they announced glasses last year. They haven't sold glasses. So, I think we're going into a world where there's more search, but it's search is changing like, you know, we'll have more cars that are like Teslas where you can do search within the car. We'll have more devices. So, all those Google Home devices that Google sold for many years that basically told you what the weather is and played you music, they now have Gemini. So, they become more search surfaces. So, I think we're in a world that search is growing. So, going back to Indeed and Dell and all the other Austin companies, I think we can agree that SEO does not die for them. Like, you are going to search for jobs. The stuff that Dell sells are going to be searched for in whatever those search surfaces are. But, the existing supply of SEO skill to help Indeed figure out Indeed is in many, many languages. It's a highly complex technical structure. I don't know that the existing supply can really help companies like that when they're only thinking of things of like prompt visibility or very surface level AI visibility kinds of things. These are and the kind of the companies I'm working with right now, I don't think SEO changes for them. They're they're deep structural questions on how do you build SEO? How do you drive Again, for Indeed, it's tens of millions of dollars of search revenue. For Dell, it's likely tens of millions of dollars of search revenue. All the companies out there that even the New York Times and CNN, which have lost a lot of search traffic, tens of millions of dollars of search revenue. The existing supply of SEO skill might not be there. So, I think as we look forward to the future and these questions need to be answered and decisions need to be made and if they don't have the right people making the decisions, they'll probably make the wrong decisions, but eventually they'll get to the right decisions and the right people that can help, the demand will be tremendous. So, I'm very bullish on the SEO career. I'm not bullish on the career that many people call SEO today, but I'm bullish on the need for SEO in the next 3 years. >> Okay, interesting. Yeah, I I was thinking of I maybe it's I've had a few career conversations but uh I want to say even a couple years ago, search as a profession, there wasn't a lot of new entrants, it felt like in the community, like fresh voices, um new points of view. it maybe I see some of kind of like YouTube content creator type people putting out some videos on A O G O out there, but do you think we're going to have new new people like people new to our world, are they coming in or are you seeing young entrants into our field? >> It's a fascinating point. I never really thought about that. There's not a lot of new entrants. I think the likely explanation for that is the way that SEO has been demoted in many people's eyes. So, there aren't even really that many good SEO conferences anymore. Like you used to have these like No no. No offense to SEO Week and BrightonSEO and all the you know, smaller conferences, but we used to have like these huge conferences where the same voices spoke and I think now it's been fragmented and you have a lot of the smaller conferences. And I think part of the reason, some Some are called other things. They're not really an SEO conference. So, they're marketing conferences and I think part of this is SEO is as a as a skill set has not been in demand by the companies of again that are hiring these masters and they're hiring people that help them grow. If the the the whole concept of SEO has been demoted. So, it you don't have new entrants that are drawn to it. One of the reasons I think many people are drawn to it at least when I started was the amount of money you can make doing SEO both for a company or on your own and I don't know that that's really the case right now. >> Uh all right. Yeah, I'd say probably the affiliate land that kind of solo affiliate landscape has been really wiped clean. I mean, I'm sure there's people out there some that I'm not aware of that maybe are listening to this that are making some money, but the the ability to be a solopreneur in search maybe not everything else, maybe more so than ever in everything else, but in search seems pretty challenged. I don't hear a lot of people talking about that. Uh maybe if they build brand for I think a Brian Dean. Um a lot of people a lot of them are not very public for understandable reasons, but most of those affiliate type sites, which is normally what those are are not not popping up, but it's interesting because the SEO's declining-ish in perception. I agree that it's not going away, but you have just perception-wise GEO increasing. New people may kind of ride that upward thing, but it's unclear if we end up like if we're up here in total if we're at 100% in total if we call it 100 and it comes down to 60 in SEO demand and GEO comes up 20, that's only 80. Live math on a podcast maybe not the best. >> [laughter] >> But yeah, I'm cur- I I may- I mean, that may be a good thing also for entrenched consultants that there isn't a lot of newer competition out there. It's not an attractive field. Everyone's going towards vibe coding and AI and all all that, but it it'll be interesting thing to watch cuz I I feel like we've had the same cycle the same kind of 30 voices in search that are loud for like 10 years now and not a lot of new people that have shown up to the to the table. >> Is that I don't think there's a lot of benefit for it. >> Yeah. >> They so people aren't being drawn and I I I've met so many creative SEO people that should be doing this and there's there's not as much of a platform anymore for the because there's less conferences. The the there's not as much it maybe it's broken up by social, but we used to have like these sites like Search Engine Journal and Search Engine Land which had a lot of readers, but now it's broken up by Twitter and LinkedIn and you can have your own voice, but you have your own following. So I I don't know that there's a lot of places that the new entrance can get a platform. I've seen some I've seen some of the TikTok videos and they have their own network, but they're not like connected to other people. They're selling courses, they're doing things. So maybe maybe that's the issue. But it I going back to the demand piece for a second, I went to CES this past year. So that's the big electronics event in in Vegas. And I met companies we'll name them. So Anker, which is one of the largest I guess hardware device companies Chinese based company where they and they they sell mostly on Amazon and then they sell in Walmart the physical stores Walmart and Costco and everywhere you can buy hardware kind of stuff like chargers. Their SEO is atrocious. So I met some of their marketers. They were only focused on influencer marketing. They only focused on maybe paid, but their SEO is atrocious. And I feel like a company like that 10 years ago, this is a box they might have checked in a much better way. And I think they're on Shopify, but like you can if anybody check out Anker's website, everybody listening and watching this season. >> [laughter] >> Who's in SEO? >> a mention. >> Yes, go send them a cold message. You will see that there are things that they could be doing and that I think they do like $3 billion a year in sales. So, it's just shocking to me that a company that does that much in sales wouldn't do the best they can in this channel. And I I think what will happen, and then going back to how like my view on what will happen SEO careers. What will happen is you'll have companies that will saturate all these other channels. And then they'll awaken to the fact that there's this other one, SEO organic. They have not done as well at. Someone has to tell them, right? You're they'll probably get one of those cold emails being like, "Hey, I looked at you on Ahrefs or SEMrush and you guys are not great." And then someone will be like, "Hey, maybe we should check this out." But I think that's what will happen because go across, again, everyone listening and watching, check all your favorite brands on search and you will see that there's upside. There are things especially in e-commerce that they could be doing better, but they don't care to because they're doing influencer, they're doing social, they're doing paid, they're doing brand, they're sponsoring, you know, NBA games. They're just not doing as well in SEO. They They have someone they're paying $60,000 a year. They have an agency. Some of these these Chinese companies, they're using agencies. I asked I forget which one it was. They're like, I asked them if they had an SEO agency and they told me that their BP's cousin has an agency in Shenzhen and they're good with SEO. So, that's what they're doing. I mean, for a company that does billions of dollars a year in sales, I would assume they should have a competitive process to find the best agency that can make them the most money and fire that agency if they don't make them the most money. So, I think that's where we'll go where many of these companies that have not done SEO well or not at all will wake up to this and the demand will be huge. >> Yeah, yeah. Hopefully that's the case. I mean, we actually get a we get a good amount of Chinese leads and most of the time we won't entertain it because it's just culturally >> It's hard, yeah. >> hard. Yeah, time zone hard. There's some rare exceptions that maybe have a US presence as well. But yeah, I see it all the time. I'm like, this is a gigantic company, but we're struggling communicating with them, unfortunately. So, that makes it makes it challenging. It'll be interesting to watch like I don't know if ChatGPT will come up with some analytics that will show some impression data that somehow pipes into to paid. And Google's the same way. If we get some kind of visibility like we have with search console, that I could see that being a potential unlock if you can somehow point to that in a way that's reliable and executive trusts and all those things. >> So, I'm not so bullish on ChatGPT. I think that Google has locked up their monopoly. I think the there was a I don't think anything was going to happen with the Department of Justice and their antitrust lawsuit, but that could have been an inflection moment where the government could have made them do something and maybe the monopoly softened. They didn't. So, now we're done, right? So, I I think Google has they will maintain market the their market share they have, they will maintain the lead that they have. Their value is not necessarily in a product which I has become much better. Gemini has become much better. I think I think Google search has become better, but the value in Google is really on distribution where they have all these devices, they have Chrome, they have YouTube, and we're all going to be continuing to use Google. If their market share is threatened, they'll figure out to make you do more search in your Gmail. Many of the people I meet who claim to not use Google anymore, they only they only use ChatGPT, they're still using Google Workspace, so they're still on a Google surface. Another claim I've heard is that kids don't Google anymore. Kids only use TikTok, but many kids get their first computing device from school and it's a Chromebook so they use Google. So, I don't think we're in a world where Google's market share is threatened in the least bit. And I I think that Chat GPT is going to be great, but I I don't see them really threatening Google. I think it's really going to be a Google world moving forward. >> Yeah, I agree with that. The thing that we haven't said yet there though that I just mentioned this when Lily was on last week is Claude. So, Claude I think on the B2B side is a true is a real challenger at least for a percentage of the pie. Like we personally were on Gemini. It would just make complete sense because we're on workspace. It's free. And I switched our whole team to Claude and now we're spending thousands per month on Claude cuz it's just way better. Uh code works better and I think that's not a minority opinion within uh tech B2B companies. And our pipeline we're seeing all of a sudden it came out of nowhere. Way more Claude mentions than we're seeing from Chat GPT. And I think that's sort of that that pie slice of AI type companies, tech type companies, they're all naturally going to be on a Claude type playbook. So, who knows? I mean, Gemini could Google could obviously use their >> Yeah. >> I mean, maybe it's consumer versus >> Yeah. >> B2B. I think for the most part consumers will likely just use Google because I mean, big one's Android. Globally Android is the leader in devices. >> Yeah. >> So, that's Google, right there. >> Yeah. >> Everything they're doing is Google. I think the EU tried to break out Google from Android, but it doesn't work as well so people just put it back and then that's Google. >> So, what do you think So, coming back to careers a little bit, what skills do you feel like current SEOs are missing that they should they should be developing to get to this new place we need to go? >> So, I just had this conversation with someone of who are the best marketers and we were just talking through like marketers and it was a a business owner. And I don't know I'm curious what you think about this, but it's sort of an epiphany I had on marketers and I think that the best marketers are also good at sales. Because sales people, good sales people, have an innate customer empathy. So, I'm sure you've been sold and we've all been sold something by somebody using a script. >> Mhm. >> And humans don't operate off of scripts. Like they tried like my my worst sales experience with the operate off of script is trying to buy a car. And you come in and they're like, "How much are you looking to spend?" And I'm like, "I'm looking for a car. Let's go with the car first and then I want to test drive it." And they have They're just operating on scripts and they're, you know, they they've gotten worse at it. Because it cars buy car buying is more complex. So, sales people that just can go off script and sell because they understand the customer, they also know the voice, they know the things they need to say. So, marketers that can really understand the customer to closing a deal, I think are the best marketers. SEO has moved way far from that. So, SEO, I think used to be again we were talking about affiliates, you were making direct money from your SEO effort. You understand like what you're trying to rank on, what you're trying to get clicks on, what you're going to invest in because it's your own thing. I Again, in my career, I've been in that position where I need to justify my own seat and my own salary. So, I had to think through. I didn't have to sell, but I had to think through how money was going to be made for my SEO efforts. SEO has moved away from that where it's just about I'm doing this SEO thing because Google said to do it. I'm doing this SEO thing because my boss said to do it. I'm doing this SEO thing because I did it at my last company and that's what we do as an SEO thing. And it's going to take me the next 6 months. Rather than I was talking about 301s versus 302s, I'm doing this SEO thing because I know if I do this, there's more money to be made and my job looks more protected. So, I think that's for everyone looking to, you know, stay in this career and what the skill set that I think that SEO has to have. It's that level of customer empathy that doesn't just translate into like I understand my customer. It's a level of customer empathy which is if I think this whole thing through, I can close the deal. So, you don't have to close deal where you don't want marketers and we don't want SEO people doing sales, but you have to go to that end conversion point. >> Yeah, okay. Makes sense. Yeah, I agree with that. I mean, it's being able to communicate and be be great with revenue generally is uh uh really really important. One of the things I've been thinking about with our >> [gasps] >> in general with with SEO GO is it's gone from a single player game ish to a multiplayer game where at organizations you're talking to the affiliate team, you're talking to the product team as you book product led SEO, you're talking to engineering way I mean, you did that before, but it's increasingly a larger part of the conversation. If you're not good at selling to be able to communicate that the business the business outcome you're going to get and then how they're going to look better because you're helping them. I I think it's a very challenging time to be like that super technical individual contributor type person that's the only person at their organization in that role that maybe is just naturally good at spreadsheets but maybe not naturally good at ever talking to anybody about those spreadsheets. Those people are getting pretty stuck, I think. >> Yeah. >> And those it and that that's that's not their natural skill set. They may be be be better of like a three-person team or the manager is the the communicator, the salesperson. Uh but if they're going in solo and that's your like natural kind of uh way way of communicating, I think it's very hard time for you. >> Yeah, I I think that and there's also been some talk by new entrants in our industry, new software entrants, where they're trying to change the name of SEO potentially because they they've created something new. So, some are appending the word engineer to it. And I think of engineers, and I I don't know whether it's left brain or right brain, [clears throat] but engineers are analytical and marketers are creative. And I I think those two things are at complete odds. You don't have an analytical creative person doing SEO. The analytical people are doing things by process and that moves them very far away from what I think you need to be doing, which is creative and understanding the end user. And the end user, like you said, could be an engineer within the company you're trying to convince to do something. But if we make SEO all these agentic processes, you're not selling, you're just doing processes. And it still gets you to that point where the CEO says, "So, what do you What exactly do you do here? Do we need you?" And I think if you can creatively think of the end goal, and we'll keep picking on these Austin companies cuz I drove by them. But if you are doing SEO for Indeed, it's not a I don't you do SEO for Indeed. >> No, I don't. I don't. Yeah, yeah. Definitely a well-known Austin company. >> Indeed contact Siege Media. >> [laughter] >> But if you're doing SEO for Indeed, it's not about like how many jobs do you have visible within AI service. It's like how does it translate? And I know Indeed has multiple ways that they monetize. But how does it monetize? Like being visible doesn't necessarily monetize. So, I think you need to do SEO in a way that drives some sort of end goal for the company. And for a company that is super complex like Indeed, with again, with all those languages, with all those millions of jobs, you can totally get lost in that spreadsheet process. And then you get those tough conversations about "So, what do you do here?" >> [laughter] >> Yeah, one one thing that kind of builds on this and you you hit it as a theme and I'm curious your opinion on it. I've been thinking about this multi-skill requirement for for search and GEO, AO, whatever you call it. And you hit it on the fact that fact that some people some SEOs were like shifting professional in a way in some ways. Maybe they they shift to social, they shift to maybe it's even affiliate marketing. They're kind of they work content. They're doing a lot of things in the organization. One thing I've been thinking about the general org chart of these bigger companies, let's let's say indeed.com's org chart, is they may previously have had like affiliate over in the paid silo. Now I almost feel like it could fit under a like a director of organic acquisition. And I'm my thought process is like is the career trajectory for an SEO in the future not the idea that I'm going to climb the ladder within SEO, but I'm going to climb the ladder within these multiple disciplines and I may actually need to be the strong communication type that could jump over here, learn a little bit about that. Could eventually get promoted into that general the the director of marketing type role, director of acquisition type role, rather than aspirationally thinking I'm going to be the VP of SEO, which now be much be much smaller department and therefore not have a lot of upward trajectory for them. >> No, and this is a good moment to really talk about what I think an SEO should be. And I think SEO should be a product manager. And when you're an SEO product manager, you can point to a thing you created for that acquisition. So, when you think of director of acquisitions, you're acquiring users and it's more process-oriented. So, that might be more paid. Like here, I'm doing acquisition and here's my budget and here's my LTV and here's my CAC. When it comes to SEO, and again, I wrote the book product led SEO, I think of SEO as a product and you've created something for this SEO user. So it's more complex than just a page. It's an entire We'll pick on Indeed, but actually I consulted with like dents. Let's talk about LinkedIn instead. >> [laughter] >> So you create something for the search user. So from a career standpoint, you can say this is what I've created. This is what I've owned. These are the users I've built for it. This is all the money I've made and this is the money I continue to make and none of it existed before I ideated and implemented and continue to iterate on this entire thing. It's more than I Again, director acquisition and I'm spending money. I spent a million dollars last month. I spent a million dollars this month. Now I no longer get to spend money. You don't really have anything you can point to. Yeah. When an SEO is viewed as a product and the SEO person is a product manager. Again, it's complex because if you come and get hired and your boss is a marketer, you can't be like I I want to I want to go to that team. I want to do product. But if you you can still view SEO as a product The other thing I think that product does really well and not every company has someone that has that title product manager, but when you view something as creating a product, it's not what can I do this week? It's what can I do in some extended period of time that positions me better at the end of the extended period of time. So that might be a quarter. That might be a half a year. It might be a year, but you're building an SEO product and there are many companies I've worked with where I shipped nothing for many months. So I consulted with Tinder. It took us nine months to ship a single thing and now the thing that I've created with Tinder has It's was multiple years ago continues to drive millions of dollars for them. So if I were at Tinder, I could point to this thing. I could coast. I'd be getting paid. I'd be like, [laughter] "Hey, I built that thing in you know, in in 2020 and now we're good. This is my thing. It still makes us money, so I'm going to go and and you know, be right and that reputation." Right. Or uh worked at Coinbase, so it took them many months to ship anything because we created as a product. So, first we had to ideate, and then we had to sell it, and then we had to get engineers allocated to it. So, every time I work on something, when you think of it as a product, that's an asset you've built that continues to accrue value. So, that I think is the best way of thinking of an SEO person. They're building something, they're not doing something. And I think the conversation that's being had around what SEO does in an AI future, they're doing stuff, not building stuff. >> That's it. Yeah, undoubtedly that makes you a linchpin at those companies. I think of Seth Godin's book Linchpin, which I always liked, is like do things that are sort of outside your job description, even though I think that's very clearly in it. But, um the thought I have about that is your your buil- where what's the crew undoubtedly that person's making a lot of money, and they're protected. Oh, where are they getting promoted to in that context? Are they product manager eventually? Are they >> That's a solid question, because [laughter] I think if it's not if they're not val- they're not valued within their company as a product manager, they can at some point, they're have they will have created more value than is appreciated. So, for the company, unfortunately that's going to be the moment when they move on, and then they get to present that resume of look at this thing I created >> How did indeed. >> Look at this thing I created at LinkedIn. I have reached the pinnacle of where they value it because I'm not a product manager, but someone else will value it like, "Wow, I'm looking as an external party at this thing that this company has that you built and you ideated and you can explain it, and, you know, they didn't move you into product, they just continued to promote you as an SEO manager, but someone else will." Now, I again, I was fortunate and I stumbled upon this totally by accident at SurveyMonkey. I was fortunate in that they did value it, and they did give me more resources. And one unfortunate accident Well, it was for very fortunate for me, and how I I learned this is I was reporting to a marketing team at SurveyMonkey, and my my boss left. So, I was reporting to a VP of marketing, my boss left, and I was moved over to the chief product officer. And he came to me. I think I talked about this in the last podcast. So, hopefully it's new to all everyone. He came to me and he said, "We need to discuss your salary and your role." And I was like, "This is not a conversation I want to have." And he's like, "I was looking at your responsibilities and what your title is, and according to HR, you're marketing I don't know marketing specialist number four or something marketing something. And but you what you do is the same as product specialist four, but because I'm a chief product officer, I don't have marketers on my team. I have product people, so I need to change your title that does means nothing in HR to product, so you're going to get a 10% raise." So, I'm like, "I do the same thing as the product people, but I was called marketing, and I got paid 10% less." So, that was like huge eye-opening moment, and really drove my thoughts around SEO being product. Because I was doing all this long-term stuff, because I managed engineering time, because I managed people that created revenue, that became product. So, I I think within companies that don't appreciate it, the only thing you can do is move. But, there will be companies that will say, "Hey, you were an SEO manager. I expected you to get rid of soft 404s, but you've created this thing that generates revenue in perpetuity without you really touching it, you're a product manager." >> Yeah, that's actually a very probably strong advanced take that you make me think I mean, we have a lot of team members on our team, and just situationally how we consider the process that I know It sounds like exactly what happened to you at SurveyMonkey. It's probably a great process for people internally as all this changes happening. If you know that your title does not properly represent what you're doing. Arguing for a title change is a better first move than just or it's a less adversarially taken first move than asking for a comp change. So, if you get the title change first, the comp and we know generally that's a more valued title period, the comp is going to come. So, it could happen as a lagging indicator. Big companies in HR functions, their job is basically to cross-reference the compensation of the the people against their titles and make sure fairness is there right? >> it's way harder than you think. I think you're going to and I I've had this conversation with many of my clients. So, I've met with them and tell them that they're what they're doing is marketing and they're like, I can't. My boss is the chief marketing officer. I cannot go to my boss and tell her that I I product person. She's she's marketing. She doesn't have product people on her team. So, I think that in larger companies that is tremendously challenging. In those companies, it's really about building cross-functional relationships, being having someone else be able to appreciate it, and then you can get that product title. You'll need to move teams, but I think it's very difficult. Some of these people that I've worked with have left the organizations where they were marketers and been able to point to the thing that they built as a product and a new company appreciates it more. >> Yeah, it may it makes sense. I guess you're speaking to the product context. The situations I'm specifically thinking of is obviously AI is a thing for a lot of people right now. If you have a dated title that's SEO only, that could be counterintuitive. Another one we're considering that we got good feedback on is this whole thing evolves. It's like, is our content marketing specialist, would they be better framed as content strategists? Cuz that's more of the work we're doing now with obviously all the great tooling we're that's available to us. Is that more appropriate to to what what they're doing. Uh we had graphic designers who were doing web design work. They are better represented as a visual designer. They could have come to us with those things. Um obviously we're the right size organization, not an Indeed-size organization. So that may be part of that conversation. >> Yeah, many of my clients end up being super large clients or like large companies. So be those conversations become very difficult. This is This is a you know really weird thing that happens at big companies. Where you're They have like promotion cycles and then they have rules around promotion cycles. Like you're not allowed to get promoted before you've been at Yeah, before you've been at the company for 18 months. So someone that that, you know, provides a tremendous amount of value and they're like, "I'm not getting promoted. You have a rule against it." They leave even before the 18 months happens. Or they can't get promoted off cycle even though they provide a lot of value, so they're not getting appreciated, they leave. And that's And I see this in mainly the big companies I work with. I Another thing I see in big companies is they you know, to put it really bluntly, they get stupid directions from the executives. So there was a company I worked with that an executive firmly believed that their product needed to be needed to be split up into states. So it was a software that was sold nationwide and it's used nationwide, but they insisted that this software needed to have a X software for California, X software for Texas, X software for New York. And there was no search traffic around this and there was no use case. There was no reason for it. So the team was working on something really dumb. And there is no defense when that dumb thing doesn't work out and be like, "They told me to do it." You You can't. So in that case, what I always work when I work with these teams and try to help them do these dumb goals is do that thing, but you on your on your own and on the side you have to do that other thing. So when that thing the executives told you to do blows up inevitably because you don't believe in it, you have to have something else to point to. And one thing that I And I'm having the same conversation around a lot of AI visibility and AI tooling. So many companies are coming to me and asking me to help evaluate whether which tools they should purchase, if they should purchase tools. And I'm speaking to SEO managers who are trying to evaluate these decisions and many of them don't believe in the tool they they are being forced to purchase by their executives. They're like, well, AI they say that you are just SEO, but I mean told to spend $10,000 on this tool I don't think will do the thing that the executives want. What do I do? And I'm like, well, you you're not your voice is not going to be heard. Like you've already said this tool is not necessary. You've already said, I think we're covered with AI. You've already said these things, but they're like evaluate between tool A and tool B. You no longer get to say no tool. So choose that tool. You need to have some sort of, you know, I told you so conversation like email that you can point to, but then don't spend the time on it. You have to be able to have an entire again, back like resume of things that you have done and portfolio of things you can point to. So when the CEO says, hey, we spent $10,000 a month on that tool, why did it work? What did we do? You can be like, yeah, I I had this, you know, documentation here where I didn't I didn't have a lot of confidence. You couldn't say I thought you were an idiot and you shouldn't have bought that. You could say we didn't have a lot of confidence that this was going to work out, but check out this other thing I built. So now you have your defense of I deserve my job. But if you go all in and you're like, well, I my CEO insisted I got to do this AI thing and it's all about LM visibility and I bought this tool I don't believe in, you're going down with the ship. >> Yeah. Yeah uh it is wild how many conversations there are about what tool to pick right now. >> Yeah, and and this one particular conversation was at FDIC bank. So it's one of the biggest banks. They don't need LM visibility. They have all the things that they they have citations from the Federal Reserve. They they have everything they need and they were somebody somebody they didn't even know. So when you're doing this is what I mean about organizational hierarchy. When you're doing SEO in a bank that has branches on every corner I can name the bank but you can assume. The person that told you to go evaluate a tool is someone you've never had a conversation with and that email has traded through 30 different hands. >> Right. Yeah. Not a super productive use of time either. >> No no no not at all. >> The on the SEO skill set career side is there any specific skill you think is atrophying like just is not very valuable anymore that people should stop investing in? >> So I think there have been many I don't even call them skills but tasks that SEO has done that have not necessarily provided a ton of value and the SEO teams continue to do that. So I would say if you evaluate SEO in a lens of here's the value I provide here's the revenue I provide and you look at all the tasks that you do some of them aren't very skillful so let's say it's um guest posting. There are many SEO I've met many SEO people and that is their job. I'm an SEO manager and I just contact sites and do guest posting like well what what's the outcome of that? Well the outcome is I got guest posts. What's the you know the follow on outcome? I don't know. I don't know how to measure that. So [laughter] that's one I would probably get rid of. I think technical SEO actually becomes more valuable. For many years I didn't believe that technical SEO is that valuable because Google could just figure it out and they did but now we're in a world where things are more complex. So you have to make sure that you're being crawled and you have to understand how you're being crawled. So I think technical technical SEO becomes more valuable and you cannot replace it with AI. This is one of the greatest things about LLMs which they absorb a lot of the nonsense that has been created. So, if you ask Claude or you ask ChatGPT or Gemini to do an SEO audit, it points to all the things that that have been created in the past about make sure your your page is fast and there's all this, you know, advice that doesn't really matter because that has been created and that's what they've been trained on. >> Okay, makes sense. So, guest posts down, technical >> down, yeah, technical up. >> Okay, nice. Are there any specific industries you're you think are better off? Like >> I think e-commerce is probably going to be something where SEO will be more valuable. >> I agree. >> Because it becomes more competitive. One of the best things that I think will come out of LLMs and the popularity of LLMs is diversity of search. So, you've always had this flaw in search and again, many people complained about how bad Google was, but it's a flaw in Google search in that let's say for typical e-commerce search, you're always going to get Amazon and Walmart and Target and Best Buy and really the top brands. And the reason why is bec- it's not just domain authority, it's brand authority. So, Google knows that if Amazon is in the top three, you'll be pleased with the result because you can trust Amazon will deliver your product, you can trust them with your credit card, you can trust the quality of the product. >> Yeah. >> Users are not nearly as sophisticated as marketers we believe our users are. Users might think like, oh, I I bought this thing from Amazon, I bought this thing from website cuz Google told So, if it doesn't work out and it catches fire, like, well, Google, it's Google's fault that Google sent me this website. So, from a risk standpoint, Google has really had a tight set of results for nearly every category. Like, you look at travel, >> Right. >> it's always going to be Kayak and Booking and Expedia. You'd very rarely find some obscure site. You look for hotels in any city, you're going to find the the brand hotels and not like that funky experimental hotel who didn't do SEO well because Google wouldn't want to compensate for their SEO because you might have an experience and blame Google for you getting bed bugs. Okay. But now with LLMs become all the results become more personal. So on a from a global standpoint Google can say, well, this person very specifically wanted a funky hotel experience in Austin. I >> bed bugs. >> They want bed bugs. I know this hotel exists and I'm going to give this in the top three results in the LLM response just for that person. They may hate Google, but not everyone will hate Google. So now you have this diversity of results. So you can think about let's say you need a pair of shoes. Let's say you want a very specific pair of shoes. Your shoe results were always going to be Amazon and Zappos and all the biggest shoe stores. But now Google can find that Shopify store that doesn't have a ton of backlinks. They're not finding it. They know it exists. And for that very specific query they can show that store. So I think that's one of the best things that will come to LLMs. And a part of this is also going to be personalization, which is something which can I think is is super important as a skill set and customer empathy and the sales ability for any marketer, which LLMs can do personalization on a level that Google search was never able to do. Because they're getting all these little signals. So you now have diversity because they can show different websites that will come from that personalization. >> Yeah, I agree. One of the things I'd build on what you said there is there's also just macroeconomically which industries are more likely to be defensible, not just good search industries, and e-commerce is one of those. For sure. Physical products. Um I think one space I've been looking at it just generally felt bullish on is home services. Uh because home services there's a ton of marketing money that goes into these companies and it's physical going to unclog a toilet that I don't think robots are going to be doing soon, anyways. Um I I still think there's a ton of room in there's going to at least be upmarket motion in SaaS and those kind of application type products. I mean, the the stocks are getting crushed. But from a search standpoint, e-commerce is is complex to your point. And then home services Uh it's probably it's not limited to that, but I I'd feel pretty good if I'm I'm an SEO in those two spaces right now. >> Yeah, and on the home services piece, for many years, I didn't believe that home services companies should have websites because many of their websites were really bad. So, any any even like a a mover or a barber shop, like their websites were really bad. So, someone convinced them I got a haircut once and this the barber asked me what I did and I I told her marketing and she had more specific questions and I told her I did SEO and she's like, "Oh, I I do SEO. I pay an agency $1,500 a month." The haircut was like $20 and I just I didn't see the math there. But she said, "I pay an agency $1,500 a month." And I'm like, "What do they do?" And she's like, "They send me a report every week." And yeah, whatever. But so I I think many of those those businesses should not have had websites because there's the websites were terrible. Like even this barber, I walked into the I didn't like book an appointment. I didn't I've never even looked at the website till she told me that she she did SEO. I had to check it out. So, their websites are terrible. So, I think their websites were a disservice because you look at their website and you're like, "I don't know. Is this place clean? Your pictures are outdated. You didn't have a good photographer. Your hours are wrong." We just use Google Maps or you just use Yelp or you know, you use other things. But now I think it's really important for all businesses to have a website because that feeds the LM. So, when you go on to search, even Google search, and you say like, "Best barber shop near me," you need the price list that will come into the LM, you need the hours that will come into the LM. So, I may never visit that website, but the the website is going to feed the data into LM. And if that doesn't exist, they may have the wrong information coming from one of those, you know, local directory sites that has an outdated phone number or that has an outdated hours or that has outdated updated services. Like, if you're looking for you're talking about plumbers. If you're looking about for very specific service like unclog a dishwasher, and the web they didn't have a website that said something that said this is a service we provide and we're the best at dishwashers, they wouldn't get recommended. >> Yeah. And there's like from all we work with a lot of multi-location brands, it's not a simple information architecture decision. Like, how am I linking to the locations? How is each location going to highlight the services they have? What landing pages will they have? I actually see some pretty decent websites from multi-location uh HVAC, all all that right now for for that reason. Maybe not barbers. I still see a lot of terrible barber shops, but >> Oh, there are many terrible home services. I mean, I think restaurants actually do a really, really bad job of building websites. They have like these I don't even know if this is still a thing, but they have like flash menus. >> Yeah. >> They're wrong. They don't have those items. The prices are wrong. Like, no one visits these websites. So, maybe if you're doing an event, you'll visit the website. So, they spend all this money and time on a website that I don't know, plays music when you land on it, when most of their customers are coming from Google, Yelp, or DoorDash, they're skipping the website entirely. But now, I think again, they should have these websites. You should have a menu. So, if someone searches for a specific dish in an LM, it'll be fed into the LM, and the LM will know you have that dish. >> Yeah, yeah. Agreed. Well, this is great, Eli. Uh you're great follow on LinkedIn. The book, Product Led SEO. What else is How should how do find you? Product Led SEO dot com. I've been really enjoying publishing that the last few years. >> Nice. >> Yeah, definitely follow me on LinkedIn. >> Awesome. Well, stay tuned for update on this in two years. >> Yeah, looking forward. >> Cheers. >> [music] [music]
