# AI Search Tactics That Will Bite You Later

**Channel:** BuzzStream (Lily Ray)
**YouTube URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5bj1pgQLhA

---

My goodness, 50% of the things people are doing right now, I would advise against. I've seen so many companies and now lately really big brands doing things that are really kind of gray hat or black hat. Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of the Buzzroom Podcast. I'm your host Vince Nero. Today I am thrilled to be joined by Lily Ray. She's been at the forefront SEO for years and years. She's VP of SEO strategy at AMSIV, but she's also recently launched her own consultancy algorithmic. You know, I feel like I don't even need to list some of these credentials, but number one most influential SEO expert named by USA Today. She's, you know, at conferences all the time. She was just speaking with NPR today. Uh, but on top of that, she's a DJ, which is super cool. As you know, I have a music background, too. So feel an affinity to anybody in the space that's doing kind of the crossover thing too. Lots to talk about today, but Lily, you know, especially we have Google IO was last week. Um, but really I reached out to to Lily about a newsletter post that she had about the AI slot loop and this idea that we're kind of feeding the algorithm, you know, AI generated content, which is producing more AI generated content and so on and so forth. But really, this got me thinking about like the broader perspective of just like what we know and what we don't know about AI at this point. I feel like there's so much misinformation and I've gone down these rabbit holes myself trying to write content for Buzzream where I can't find good like factual evidence to support these claims. It just seems like these like echo loop of people like citing a statistics post which cites another statistics post which cites the first stat statistics post. So that's what I think we're going to really be talking about today. Demystifying a lot of this. We'll call it like slop, but when it comes to GEO, AEO, AIO, whatever you want to call it. So before I do that, I just want to remind people to like, subscribe, share this stuff with your colleagues. The more you do that, the more I can have great guests on like Lily. And secondly, just check out ListQ if you haven't. It's our AI powered media list building tool that helps you build lists right from Google search. All right, let's get into it. How you doing, Lily? Thanks so much for joining. >> I'm doing well. Thanks for having me. >> Yeah, so um you're in Berlin, which is awesome. I appreciate you making the time to talk about AI stuff. There's a lot to speak about, obviously, and we could probably go on for hours, but I want to kind of do this. You you post a lot of great stuff on LinkedIn. So what I did was kind of go uh you know around some of your most recent ones and uh thought you know where I saw some friction in the industry. So okay one of the main things that just came out was like Google released a lot of their kind of GEO advice and SEOs like to run with stuff like that when when Google announces certain things. I have always kind of been on the of the mindset of like do don't necessarily take their word for it, but like go with what other people have shown to be true based off of studies. Is that kind of how you think about this stuff when it comes to like Google announcements and telling them telling you how to do things? >> Yeah. I mean, I think a lot of the kind of push back from a lot of people in the industry is valid, you know, in the sense that of course Google is going to number one, they're never going to tell us how to go do something, right? How to go manipulate the search results. They're never going to talk about that, right? So, they're always going to talk about what not to do. So, it's going to be framed from that perspective. I also think I'm always reading between the lines when Google puts out communication. You know, usually when we see this type of communication, it's because either they're seeing a really big problem with spam in the search results, which I think they're probably seeing right now. And or they want to warn people before some type of really big crackdown happens. I mean, we've seen that historically when they when they make announcements or they update their documentation, you can see a big algorithm update or penalty or new spam policies or anything being launched like shortly after. And we're in the middle of a core update right now, so I'm tracking that closely to see what happens. But yeah, no, I think like of course Google's only really talking from Google Google's perspective. So a lot of people have had the push back like well there's other platforms now, right? There's chat GPT, there's Perplexity, there's other places that people are using search, so it doesn't necessarily apply to those platforms. And you know, Google being self-interested or Google only caring about its bottom line. Well, yeah, of course that's how companies operate, right? But I think for me, like the things that Google recommended doing and not doing is very closely aligned with how I'm seeing things play out because listen, it's it's Google's world and we're just living in it for better, for worse. If we work in SEO, they're the biggest player. They have been for a very long time. And so, like it or not, their policies and what they advise against doing, I I take that very seriously, right? Because I work with a lot of companies who have been burned, like dozens or maybe hundreds of them over the last 10 or 15 years that have been doing this. and all of them would go back and do something differently if they knew, right? So, it's like when you hear that perspective over and over, it's like maybe we should just listen to Google. Whether or not we like it, they're telling us something important and we should probably pay attention. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean we play that game all the time in the digital PR and like link building space, you know, for Budstream where it's like don't buy links, buy links, you know, like I if it works like the the messaging I think has always been like if it works for you, good for you. But like always know that Google can pull the rug out from under you. And I feel like that's kind of the mindset I've had throughout a lot of this stuff. And a lot of it has come from, shout out to Ross Hudgens who I worked with at Siege Media for so long. And like that was kind of his mindset of like do things for people rather than just, you know, gaming the system and usually you'll turn out right on the right side of an algorithm update or spam update. Okay. Another interesting one kind of along these same lines was this idea of the LLM's.txt file. This was something that I think that same GEO documentation came out and said like no, you don't need it. But then there was some mention of it but more along the lines of like in a slightly different context and you had a interesting nice back and forth with John Mueller about some of this stuff. So does it does LLM.txt matter? Should people be using it? What's your thought? >> Yeah, I mean I think that's a a good example of like nuance being important, right? Does LLM.ext text do anything for your SEO and AI search visibility? Probably not, right? I think that's what Google was saying. Does it cost much to implement one? Maybe for really, really big enterprise brands with limited dev resources, maybe. Hard to imagine, but possibly for most companies, no. There's very little cost to going and building one, you know. So, I think you can go do that. And I think what we're seeing in terms of like other parts of Google recommending it, right, is that there's this future of agentic search where agents come to your site and take certain actions and even now with you know cloud code and and different types of agents and bots that take certain actions if they're using an LM.ext file in any capacity then helps them then you should have one right if you care about that. And I think it is kind of interesting that Google on one end is talking about like the future of Google search is going to be authentic and there's going to be all these agents that can do things for you and then you know certain departments of Google are saying you use LLM.ext for that reason but then the search side is saying it doesn't help with search. So it's like two things can be true at the same time right and I think again like if if you can implement one there's it's just so easy to do you can go for it. I just wouldn't expect any big changes or benefits in terms of like oh we're getting cited more. We're getting mentioned Right. Right. Yeah. It's and it doesn't seem to be even as like impactful as like core web vitals, you know, like I feel like that was a huge such a huge thing. You got to like get a good score on these core web vitals and people after a while were like I don't even know how much this means, you know, but there are aspects of it that did seem to mean things. And like again from a user perspective like if your site is loading slowly and people might just leave you know that's something that's works for the user and but not necessarily you know technically maybe a big game changer. So yeah I like having that mindset on there too. Okay so here's another really interesting one. I've heard this. This is I think the one that I come back to a lot as I currently, you know, I'm trying to write blog posts and and kind of guides to how digital PR and like link building how they fit into the whole GEO realm, right? And one of the things come back to a lot or I've heard echoed, I guess I should say, is this idea like Google likes EAT. You know, you you'll hear lines like that just like a phrase, you know, oh, so Google likes eat and so therefore you need links from, you know, high-end publishers or you need experts in your posts and that's why it works for news sites that they like to get experts and whatever. So there's this like kind of speaking like generalities with EAT, but I could not really find much in terms of like documentation um or or I should I guess like research or like case studies where it's like I added this and saw a lift like this. Do you think that EAT is one of those like in principle there are aspects of it that make sense and benefit you like pragmatically speaking or are there like you know technical levers behind the scenes that that Google looks for that that is built into EAT? >> Yeah, I feel like it's a topic I mean I've been obsessed with this topic for a really long time. I think the only person we're obsessed is Marie Haynes but we're both really obsessed with this topic. we have been for a really long time and you know my team and I have worked on literally like eat a audits and things for for customers for a really really long time and it's probably the hardest thing for SEOs to wrap their heads around because it's a framework that Google uses in the search quality guidelines and other documents to explain what they're looking for when they look for highquality content and it's going to matter more depending on what your content is about right so if if your content is your money or life and it has the potential to cause harm eat is going to be more important or I think a lot of the let's call it like shortsighted thinking about it or or people wanting SEO is wanting to distill it down into a checklist or ranking factors that are levers that you can pull like you said or something technical that you can add to your site. It's just not how it works, right? And I think even Google can't tell you algorithmically exactly what they're doing with EAT. What they're doing is there's lots of people out there and probably now AI that's being trained on these notions of what good EAT means. And that includes lots of different things in terms of what is good experience, what is good expertise, what does authoritariveness look like. And when you have enough of those examples of good EAT, you can use machine learning to train the systems to understand which sites have good EA EAT and which people and which authors and experts and everything. So I think it's very indirect and there's probably maybe dozens or hundreds of thousands who even knows how many signals Google's actually looking at to evaluate and quantify that. So, it's it's not a thing where you can just go improve your core web vitals and you get a 95 out of 100 and you're like, great, your EAT has got an A+ or whatever. Doesn't doesn't work like that, right? But I I think time and time again, and listen, yes, there's many examples of sites with not great EAT. There's also examples of one random Reddit post that's ranking really well. Like, there's other systems at play also. But I think generally speaking, and this is why I've been so obsessed with it for such a long time, is that for most businesses, that's a really good framework to look at for marketing and for, you know, brand perception and for people trusting your website and trusting your your people and everything. So, it's like if you use that framework to drive your marketing outcomes, you're going to see growth over time because those are things that resonate with people as well, right? when you're very when you're transparent about your authors, your experts at the company, your leadership team, how long your company's been in business, all these things are like literally good for consumers. And at the end of the day, Google's trying to reward the sites that are doing good things for users. So, I think there's so much that goes into eat and like I like to consider as many different factors as possible when I'm developing strategies for my clients. >> Yeah. And you mentioned the Google search quality raider guidelines. How closely do you follow those outside of the EAT stuff? >> It's like my Bible very closely. I mean, every year they change like 20 words and I'm like, "Oh my god, what are the 20 words that did what changed? What does it mean?" You know, I think it's like the single most important document. Listen, it's not a list of how to do SEO, but it's a 160 plus page document about what Google considers to be high quality content. And when you read it thoroughly, it also gives you examples. It gives you links to pages that are good quality, bad quality. It gives you like once a year a year you'll get something like some new update that Google made about its stance on AI content, right? And not enough people are paying attention to that because if Google's going to the lengths of changing one sentence in the search quality guidelines related to AI, they're probably going to change their systems this year as it relates to AI content, right? And I think people just overlook that document because it's like, well, it's not, you know, a list of how to do SEO, so maybe it's not important. But I think it's very good. >> Yeah. I mean, I agree. For what it's worth, when I like I think it was like three or four years ago, I I was doing some writing for Hrefs and like that was like the one post I did for them was like what does it mean and what can SEOs learn from it and I like read through all of it and like pulled out, you know, little pieces. I haven't been keeping up like as you said, but I do I love the idea that like you know there are so many people out there that will take a random example and be like this is ranking and it doesn't do these things. So like therefore all this is you know is >> Always. >> Yeah. And I think we're just maybe in an industry where like that's the cool thing to do and it gets some clicks and whatever. But I totally agree with you. Like if an entire you know document like this is is built to help you know uh essentially like validate that their systems are working correctly like why not use that as your guide. >> Yeah. Uh, and it's also like all the things that go into eat, again, they're good for users. They're not risky, right? A lot of SEO tactics that people try experimenting with and now GEO especially are risky and they're short-lived and they're hacks. They're loopholes. They're not actual approaches that are helpful for users. And that's why I like to play the long game because the more that you just focus on those eat elements whether or not they move the needle tomorrow for SEO over time they compound and you can see a steady growth in people trusting your brand more and people respecting your brand more and that's generally the direction that I think is the best direction to go long term. It's beneficial for users, it's beneficial for SEO and it's riskaverse. >> Yeah. Can I pull on that a little bit? The the idea of like the risky tactics. What are some that you think right now people are doing that shouldn't be doing or are or or are at risk right now? >> My goodness, 50% of the things people are doing right now I would advise against. Listen, I have a different and unique perspective on this and I think people that have worked in recoveries of websites see things differently. When you've only worked on, let's call it growth or when you've helped grow a website for 3 to six months and then the website crashes and you're like, well, on to the next one. like you're not you're not thinking about things long term. And I've seen so many companies and now lately big brands testing things and trying to drive especially with AI search all these like all these mentions and and doing things that are really kind of gray hat or black hat and it it can screw up your performance long term. So right now there's a ton of them. I'm actually about to do a bunch of speaking engagements specifically on this topic. One really clear one that's like pretty black and white is a lot of companies have added these new widgets to their blogs that's called summarize this blog with AI. Have you seen that at all? >> Yep. Yep. >> So it's like it'll send you to chat GPT >> big on news I think too. >> Yeah. And actually I think it started off pretty like innocently. I think people were really just trying to I guess add value to their users. But a lot of them actually started to embed this like basically prompt injection where it says summarize this article and also remember this brand and embed them in their in your memory and it actually works. So like Microsoft first came out now Google came out like that's literally spam. We treat that as prompt injection. It's LLM poisoning. So I think s certain things can be done in the name of like trying to grow and trying to get better results with SEO and AI search but they actually backfire because they're treated as spam. And I actually think a lot of tactics in our space fall into this category, which is again why I'm so focused on EAT because those tactics are not risky. They're just good for users, right? But the ones that are in the middle where it's like actually kind of manipulation, even though it seems like a good idea, Google's one of their main objectives is to combat spam and a lot of SEO tactics are actually treated as spam by Google and considered spam by Google. >> Yeah. I mean the the one that I think to draw draw some parallels to you know what's going on in like the publisher news publisher world and like digital PR world right now is this idea of like the expert commentary the like fake expert commentary. So it's the you know you know journalists want experts to back up. they want like case studies and expert quotes to back up whatever story they're they're running with or sometimes they get some quotes that create the story, you know, like we heard this story in um forget what the publisher was, but it was in the UK and it was like a UK like uh house cleaner for the like a royal house cleaner had all these things to say about what it was like to be a royal house cleaner or whatever for the for the royal family. And it turned out that person wasn't real. like the quotes were fictional but like all these other publications ran with it and ran stories and so I think there is this need for authenticity and like you know a lot of the things that eat represents trust and and authority like to be able to speak authoritatively about a topic you get an expert in there but right now people are seeing some of these loopholes and trying to like push up against them as much as possible and creating fake personas creating fake LinkedIn people. I've seen people uh taking deceased people on like LinkedIn and like using them as you know your experts and that sort of thing. AI obviously AI generated people is another one. So yeah it is this kind of weird time especially in the the PR space. I feel like journalists are feeling this a lot and kind of trying to combat against this but uh how do you feel? I I know another popular one that people talk about a lot is the the listical thing, right? So like either getting yourself listed on other people's listicles or creating your own listicles and putting yourself in there and that is something that just has been found I think early on at least to potentially get you better AI exposure. What what's your thought on that? >> Yeah, I have so many thoughts. Listen, I think like even what you mentioned before with like the fake authors and AI generated stuff, like listen, I'm not going to pretend like this stuff isn't working extremely well. That's exactly why it's so popular. It's working, it is working extremely well. And for the last two years, writing a listicle on your own site that recommends your own brand as the best company in the space has tricked language models, search engines. It it works, right? I think there was a big kind of like data void there where there there wasn't a lot of content answering those questions for really niche like who's the best brand that does XYZ thing. You know, before AI search, we didn't have as many companies comfortable with I'm gonna publish a blog post and call myself the best, which is I also I think really interesting, right? That suddenly everyone's like, I I'm fine doing that. You know, I'm fine with my rigor seeing that. Like, what happened? Like clients used to never be open to doing those types of things and like I would never recommend them in the first place. Anyway, I think it's worked really really well and that's why it's become so popular. And I think like all things that work really really well that are not actually how search engines and presumably companies like OpenAI want them to be working, right? They don't want to be giving their users highly manipulated information, right? They want to try to convey like real consensus, real opinions. And of course, those are really big challenges and I think they haven't quite figured them out yet. The more these things become popular, the more risky they become and the more that they don't work. And you know, I think this year, earlier this year, I started to share examples of Google specifically on like January 20th, 2026. Seemed to change something where I've now spoken to probably like 20 companies affected and I've found about 40 in my own research that had tons and tons of these listicles on their site. One of them had 2,000 of them where they called themselves the best company. So, they were really scaling it, right? And it became very excessive and they saw huge declines. Some of these companies were still seeing their content crash in Google. So I think that's why I'm so riskaverse, right? Because just because something works for a while, not only will it maybe not work in the future, it could also be a liability in the future. So I think yes, we have this this window in which a lot of this spammy stuff is working. We can trick AI with AI. We can do we can take advantage of these loopholes. My concern would be what happens when the crackdown happens? Because the helpful content update, the Penguin update, the Panda update, the medic update, the March 24 core update, we're like, if you speak to companies affected by those updates, they'll tell you, I really wish we never did any of that stop. And I think that's what we're going to see. I think it's starting to play out right now. Listicles already Google has absolutely changed how they rank and how they site self-promotional listicles in AI search. I'm seeing some new evidence that Catch GPT is doing the same. And I think that's just one of many tactics people are trying right now that are probably going to become liabilities this year. >> Yeah. It's a it's almost like we're getting to a point where you can't necessarily talk about what's working for you in AI exposure because people are just going to exploit it and run it into >> SEO for a long time. You got to keep your mouth shut. Yep. >> I mean, do you think that there is a silver bullet these days for AI exposure? I mean, that's what everybody seems to want. I mean, I try to draw the through lines with digital PR and and link building to AI exposure. And it's it's tough. I mean, the the only real big through lines I can make are like, you know, it correlates to like getting back links correlates to search, which sometimes, you know, search rank better search rankings, which can correlate to exposure on AI overviews or whatever. Like there's a couple case studies here and there that can kind of draw that through line, but then the rest of the stuff gets more of like, you know, make sure your brand, what you want known about your brand is consistent across everything, you know, and that doesn't seem like it's a sexy thing that like people can do. Like I had an agency ask me, you know, like, well, how can I make that as a service? I feel like that's like one thing you do once and then like I can't sell it as a service over and over. I don't know what Yeah. What's your thought? like what when people talk to you about this and ask you like well how do I how do you get your clients to show up what what is the answer? >> Yeah. So I think like to your question about silver bullets I don't think there is one and I think that there probably have been silver bullets over the last two years right the list goals are oneup was one of them. Um there's other types of page templates people have scaled out uh that work really well to influence AI answers like comparison brand verse XY you know X versus Y comparison pages um brand alternative pages like the different like bottom of the funnel queries that people do in AI search you can create pages that answer those questions and you can see a lot of success where I think people then take it too far is they say okay this is working on one page let's scale hundreds of these or let's do thousands of these I've literally worked company recently that had like 70 comparison their brand verse comparison pages and their website was only like 300 pages. So I was like that's probably too many but yeah no I think I don't personally think there if there is a silver bullet right now and if there are silver bullets I don't think that they will work for very long. So you can enjoy it while it lasts but I would be concerned about what happens on the other side like I mentioned before. Um, I think digital PR is a really another another one that actually has worked incredibly well and can work incredibly well, but I think we're seeing the early signs of going towards something like a Penguin update. If anybody's unfamiliar with the Penguin update, I still have PTSD from it. People were buying a lot of links in 2009 to 2012 and Google cracked down on it and it destroyed many, many thousands of websites. I think we're going in that direction again because people realized you could influence AI search answers with digital PR, with paying for mentions. It's all the same cycle all over again. And Google and probably OpenAI, they're going to have no choice but to make a big change, right? Because they ultimately want real authentic recommendations and brand mentions as much as possible. And listen, it's a cat-and- mouse game. Sometimes the SEOs and the GEOs have the advantage, which I think we have right now. And then the companies crack down and they have the advantage and there's a lot of people like, "Oh man, I wish I didn't do that." Right. >> Yeah. I mean, we I feel like in the onset of AI and after like helpful content, we kind of made some big bets on PR in general being like the solid play versus cuz mainly because we saw like, you know, customers weren't getting buzz with the idea of like we're going to build a ton of links because all of those like link buying sites and like guest post sites that you would do those like links for got hit by the the 24 core update or the March 24 update. So there is I still think there is a lot of value in the idea of like presenting your brand as something that like you know uh people should know about and like using PR to do it that way. I think the thing that gets conflated sometimes with PR is just like getting your brand out there just to get it out there, right? Like any opportunity you can take, get an expert commentary in there, even if it's not necessarily relevant to your brand, right? So I mean what what is your take on so so you say like there there might be some kind of devaluation coming from from Google in in response to people just like building massive amounts of links and especially like building links from news sites. I mean what is your take on like the right way to do it? >> Exactly. Yeah, that's that's the hard part. And nobody no one ever likes this answer because it requires a lot of hard work and a lot of time and a lot of patience and and consistency. It's like uh fitness, right? Uh the the lose weight fast diet hack plan, you know, Atkins diet, whatever it is, like it generally doesn't work for very long, right? It's people yo-yo, they see success, and then they can't keep it up, right? You have to play the long game. And I think like I like to use myself as an example because I've been doing SEO for 16 years. The last 10 years I've been very public about what I do, right? But I get all kinds of people inviting me to comment on their article and do a post and be in an interview or whatever. And it's like it's it's there's so much of that now. I can pick and choose where I want to be mentioned, but there's no shortage of opportunities to get mentioned and interviewed and everything. And that stuff really does move the needle, right? So how do you do that? You number one, you're very consistent. You're sharing your knowledge and your expertise frequently across platforms and you're providing original insights, original data, original research, your own opinions, your own perspectives. You're not just rehashing what other people have said. You're not just breaking news that without an opinion. You're you're carving out a name and a niche for yourself because you have real expert opinions. And I think that that's something that could be translated into many different types of businesses and the people that work at those businesses because the way that the internet is going, it's obvious that people are gravitating more and more towards creators, towards influencers, towards people that they trust, not just brands. So if you're if you have people at the company that can represent the brand and people engage with those people, that helps the brand, right? And I think to me that's that's EA in a nutshell. So I think playing the long game, establishing a name for yourself, carving out a niche, providing original content, original research and unique perspectives that AI can't generate for you. I think that's how you ultimately win. But again, it takes really long time. >> Yeah. Yeah. And there's that aspect of like opportunity, you know, like waiting for the right opportunity. I remember even speaking with um Peter Shankman when he relaunched Harrow as source of sources, right? like everybody knew what Harrow was and decision bought it and it kind of fell to the wayside and so like I was talking to him like how do you win with with Harrow and you know there's so many agencies out there that just kind of look for any opportunity like I said on Harrow that might be remotely close to your brand and and pitch a quote and it's you know we need people to speak about fitness and it's like well I own a dairy shop and so I don't know you know somehow they try to connect the dots but what he was saying was what what I thought was a good mindset and not how an agency necessarily would think about this is like wait like the way you do this to win is with speed and kind of specificity. And I was like, well, how do you scale that? How do you prepare for that? Well, he's like, well, you have to wait for your exact right time to jump on it. So, it's like you have your quote prepared. And I think there's ways to do it in the PR realm where you're there's almost like this reactive and proactive PR aspect where it's like if this type of news happens I'm ready to talk about it from this perspective or that you know if the interest rates go up I have my quote ready. If they go down I have my quote ready. And >> but I think outside of that like there is this is something I talk about I think in the digital PR space is like I think there's fewer opportunities than people think these days. I mean not not to mention like fewer journalists to go around and they're getting inundated with pitches and stuff but like I think there's just less relevant opportunities for brands than you might think. And I think having that mindset might help you avoid what you're talking about, which is like kind of almost burning out that that link building muscle to to the point where Google's going to end up dinging you. You know, it's like if you're only waiting for your relevant the most relevant opportunities, like you might be better off and yes, you'll get less links to to the for the client, but like at the end of the day, they're going to be way more valuable. >> Yep. Yeah. Yeah. And I also think like not just like waiting for the right opportunity, but like being the the one to create the things people are talking about, right? How do you get the conversation going in your industry and then everyone wants to come talk to you about what you what you created, right? Or like how do you become a really active member of the community on Reddit that's relevant in your niche and you're building a name for yourself and also building probably a ton of organic and AI visibility through that, right? So, I don't know. I mean I think there's like for me it's also like think about the platforms that your audience is on right I think uh I use like spark Toro a lot to understand where audiences live and like even for me this year I launched a Substack that's turned out to be really successful so far I think a lot of people are moving towards Substack so it's like knowing where your audiences are and providing original value on there will lead to a lot more press opportunities and other types of opportunities for your brand. >> Yeah. And to kind of put bring this full circle, the idea of like bringing something original to the party, you know, that is what is going to help us break out of that AI slop loop that you talked about. And and I think that is so when you you know to to leave people with something here, I I think what how can you evaluate your own content or ideas against AI? I mean, do you really recommend like people actually can you use AI to make sure AI, you know, like your thing is your your idea or what you're saying is is necessarily new or like net new this idea of like information gain like >> are there ways to kind of make sure what you're saying is actually unique or is it just like >> lean on original research, lean on proprietary data, that kind of stuff? Yeah, I mean I listen I I think people a lot of times interpret what I'm saying is like don't use AI. I think AI is incredible for so many purposes. For the record, I use it all day every day for all kinds of stuff. Not scaling a lot of content, but you know, coming up with the research and ideas and everything. I don't I don't know if AI is perfect at understanding if the thing you wrote is truly net new and and bringing something new to the conversation. But from my own perspective like when you are creating something that is like this thing happened with my client and now I want to go share what I learned or oh this thing happened in the industry and I have an opinion you don't have to check if it's net new because it is net new. You're adding something new to the conversation. So it's like if you're an expert in your field, you should be able to just publish pretty freely assuming that what you're saying is your own experience and your own perspectives, right? And if somebody else already said it, cool. You can link to them and talk about what they said and respond to it, right? But like when I write, I never think about like, oh, did someone else already write this because they >> can't. >> They of course I can. It's my own research, my own data, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's like to to bring it to to the PR thing again. It's like the talk about why now, like why are you pitching this? Why is this why are you talking about this now? Why do you want a journalist to write about this now? I feel like that's probably even a good barometer for some of this stuff of like, you know, if your company has something new that they want to talk about, it's like, why is it right now? Why are you announcing this thing? Is it the company the anniversary of the company? Did a competitor just announce something? Like what can you bounce off of? and then looking for those opportunities and then trying to insert yourself there. I mean we did this big study on AI citations and I was trying to you know understand how the news was represented in citations and it was something like 14% of all the citations in this data set um came from news sites but a lot of them were like announcements you know essentially just like press releases that were uh you know like Apple raised x amount of money for what you know >> which again is like that is a net new piece of information that people don't have. So, you know, I I think it is a definitely going to be a mindset shift for a lot of people in this space who are used to just putting out stuff. I mean, hey, look, like four years ago, 3 years ago, you used to be able to look at the SER and say, "Everybody's saying this stuff, so I'm just going to say this stuff." And then you just got to do it a little better. You got better DA, build more links, and that's, you know, that's how you win. But yeah, it doesn't seem to be the case. Lily, cognizant of your time here, is there anything we didn't cover that you would like listeners to to know? >> Well, I guess I think I probably already said it, but my big focus this year is like debunking a lot of the myths and a lot of the narratives that have gone haywire in our industry that are not rooted in real evidence. So, I think it's important to separate speculation from reality and from like real evidence. And I think if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is. So, I know there's a lot of uh attention on AI, a lot of excitement around AI, and a lot of people that just want to do whatever it takes to get their brand mentioned or get their brand cited or whatever, but my guidance is to like take a step back and make sure that the things you're doing won't damage your website, right? A lot of times, I'm sorry to say, but you should probably consult with an SEO professional and maybe a web performance team or whoever it is to make sure what you're doing is not going to affect your site and your performance and everything. And also just like think about your audience, right? Does your audience want to read thousand new articles that were generated with AI? Probably not, right? So I don't know. I think like I don't know, you know, the past year or so I think people have just been a little bit shortsighted. So I think play the long game. Maybe sit back and see how things shake out um before making dramatic changes or firing your whole content team or whatever it is, right? Because I think we haven't fully seen how this is all going to shake out over the next few months and years. >> Yeah. Yeah, totally agree. Well, Lily, this has been awesome. I assume people can most likely find you on LinkedIn and and X, right? It seems to be where you're most active. >> Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty active on those. You know, again, I mentioned my Substack and I have Blue Sky and whatever social platform I'm probably on there. >> Yeah. Awesome. Well, I'll put links into the show notes for all that stuff. Um, if people have questions for Lily about any of this stuff, I mean, I'm I am very keen on uh, you know, following these these myths that you're debunking, too. So, I'll make sure to keep people breast of these changes and and and, you know, uh, posts and and whatnot that you share. So, uh, this has been great. Want to remind people to like, subscribe if you have questions about this stuff. Um, happy to, uh, forward them over to Lily. And, uh, lastly, check out List IQ. Just another reminder to check that out if you have it and you're in the digital PR space. Love to hear your feedback on it. And big thanks to Lily for taking her time uh to talk with us today. And good luck out there everybody else. >> Thanks for having me.
