# June 2026 Google Spam Update + AI Overviews

**Channel:** Nathan Gotch
**YouTube URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMsVDnFphRA

---

So, Google just launched the June 2026 spam update and here's what you need to know and also what you need to do if you are impacted. So, the first keyword I want you to take a look at here is best laptops. Okay, so we're looking at Apple in today's world. Does it really matter if you rank super well in traditional search? Yes, it right now I think it still matters a lot. I think it still can drive traffic. I think it can still drive conversions. But the reality is if we take this exact keyword, okay, and we'll just look at the SER reality right now and we can see here when we look at the SER reality, where are the traditional search results here? Okay, so we're looking above the fold. What do we have? We got four advertisements right here. We've got an AI overview that's pushing everything below the fold. Then when we finally scroll down, we get to the traditional search results here. So there is still utility in showing up here. it is still valuable, but if you're not in the top three, it's going to be really tough to get any type of clicks here. So, what you really should be thinking about is how do we influence the AI products inside of Google. Now, this is just my personal speculation, my theory, I where things are going to be going, kind of future proofing this, but if you go over to here and you go to more and then go to web. Okay, when you do web, you back you go back to the good old days where you basically got the 10 blue links, right? So, you can see the blue links here. This is what it used to be like. In my opinion, I think I don't think that these blue links are going anywhere. I think they're still incredibly important and you should try to be here because obviously you become one source to ultimately influence the AI platforms. But the truth is I view this as like a library or just a pure index that basically lives here just to inform the AI platforms. Right? I I don't view it as like this is what users are going to be involved in using. I think it's going to stay here as purely a mechanism to feed the AI either for training purposes or for retrieval purposes. And so it still matters because we want to get our brand to appear in the AI answers. But I don't think users are going to be here very much anymore. Okay. So going back to this, the biggest thing you want to really be thinking about is how do we influence this more importantly? Okay. And here's the funny thing. When we look at this, I'll show you an example. We'll look at Apple specifically, and you'll see that Apple does not even rank for best laptops. Does not rank at all. Not across any search engine. They don't rank. Okay? So, how is it possible that Apple, their own domain, doesn't even rank for one of their most important keywords, but then we go over to the AI answers and they're the number one most cited brand in the AI answers. How is that possible, right? How do we see that just over and over that Apple is just showing up everywhere in every AI answer? Because just ranking your domain in traditional search is not what determines your dominance in the AI answers. It's just one domain and it is a selfserving domain and these platforms are getting really good at identifying self-serving content. And so when you recommend yourself or you're promoting yourself, these platforms are getting better at filtering that out. So you need third-party validation to prove that you're legit. Okay? So this is the best way to to look at this. When you're looking at the AI answers, you have to remember that it's there's two systems working together. System number one is the actual training data, the static corpus. So when you are searching for the best laptops, Apple has however many years they've been in business, 20, 30 years, whatever it is, of historical precedent of selling and being a trustworthy brand, right? You can't just you can't just fix that overnight, right? That's a long-term thing and it's all baked in to the static corpus. And so when chat GPT is trying to answer that question, it's going directly to its base knowledge. Then it's layering in the retrieval. So it combining those together, that's what creates this situation where Apple's just going to absolutely dominate. And if you're a brand new brand selling laptops, you are not going to beat Apple just by doing SEO. It's not going to happen. Okay? And I know this is an extreme example, but it's just to kind of illustrate this point that traditional search is just one mechanism for influencing the AI. It is very important for training purposes and it is very important for retrieval but it's just one mechanism. Okay, if you want to appear like this, you want to have this type of domination, you need to spend more of your time over here in these AI citations. So, I'll show you an example of this where you can run this reanalyze. I've already run it here as you can see. And what I'm looking for is I want to see which of these pages is mentioning the brand that I'm working on. Okay? Okay. And so we can see here 23 brand mentions across these citations for Apple. That is extreme. Okay. That is we I've studied literally thousands of these reports. Thousands and thousands. Most brands only got a couple of mentions here and there. Two, three, maybe five if you're lucky. To have 23 brand mentions across 37 citations, that is enormous. That is a ton of brand coverage. And it makes a lot of sense, right? It makes a lot of sense as to why they're doing so well in AI answers because everyone talks about them. It is literally that simple. So this is what you have to do. You have to go and attack these opportunities. If you were a competitor to Apple, all you would do if you're brand new brand, you go over here and you just export these citations and you start attacking these citations. Now, you might say you you've probably heard people say this before that, oh, the citations, they change so much and you you can't just go after the citations because it's always going to be different. That is definitely true. There's a lot of turnover in these citations, but there's also a lot of stability over time. If you're looking at any given day, you're going to see all kinds of volatility. But when you start to measure this over the course of many months, these citations do start to stabilize. you will start to see the same, let's say five to seven citations, which means URLs, continue to be cited over and over and over across all these platforms. Those are the ones you want to spend time on. And we actually in here, you can see inside of the citation history, you can see how these citations change over time. This is a very small report. I've got bigger reports that go back many months. And you can see you start to see the stabilization here, and it becomes super interesting. and okay here are like the three URLs that continue to get picked up over and over in retrieval across all these platforms that's where we want to be that's where we want our brand to be present on okay so that's what you can do so going back to the so that's on best laptops now you can see here going back to I was saying with traditional search and overall site authority look at all the websites that are here that are dominating okay they're all incredibly powerful websites okay there's no secrets here. If you have a lot of site authority, you're going to stabilize yourself in traditional search and you're not going to experience that extreme volatility that maybe a weaker brand might experience. Okay? But once again, going back to this is more about does it really matter. Okay? And if you're trying to grow your brand, that is a good thing and a bad thing. You don't have to technically do super well in traditional search to do well in the AI platforms. Does it help? Yes. Okay. But here's another example. Best baseball cleat. Okay. another e-commerce kind of keyword. And this one's interesting to me because you can see that there are actual domains that are not super authoritative that are sticking around. But keep in mind, you always want to look at the domains themselves. And so in this case, we've got some serious keyword-rich domains. So Better Baseball, Baseball Express, Pro Baseball Insider, and Baseball Monkey. So, we've got a lot of domains that are very keyword-rich, very relevant. And so, when you look at domain score, it's not a true depiction of the situation. It's one metric you're looking at, but you also want to look at, okay, maybe they're not as strong on the backlink profile level, but they have extreme relevance. Okay? So, that can fill that gap. If you've got maybe a weaker link profile, that extreme relevance can help you win. So, just keep that in mind when you're studying these SERs. Now, what will be interesting here is this is for Nike specifically. Okay, so we're looking at Nike and you'll see that Nike is actually ranking number 11 in the traditional search. Okay, so we'll go and see though, does this correlate with performance in the AI answers? Once again, they have a solid 100 visibility. Okay, it's insane how visible they are across these answers. So rare to see this type of domination. It's unbelievable. But once again, that should they have one URL ranking in traditional search for best baseball cleats. Okay, that is not what's causing this. That is not what's producing this type of visibility. When you go once again, going back to the citation, I'm just like a broken record because it's just a fact. You look at their visibility across this, they've got 28 28 mentions across the core sources of retrieval. Out of 59, they got 28. Okay, so nearly half they basically have half here and no other brand has that level of coverage, right? It's just that's an unbelievable amount of coverage. So when we look at this and they are actually the number two cited source, but here's what's funny about this. Okay, you might argue, okay, yeah, SEO matters here. Funny enough, when you go to traditional search, that's not even the URL that's ranking. Okay, so check this out. This is their broader men's baseball shoes. And then we go over here and we look at the citation that chat GBT is using or the source of retrieval. It's not even that page. It's a dedicated little page here for one type of product line. So one actually just one product this one baseball cleat set. Okay. So there was no correlation there whatsoever. Them ranking that page didn't correlate to chat GBT using this one page. Right? And one thing you can do too is when you look at this, go to compare. And this is a new little thing that we've been using in here. And it's really interesting because when you start to look at this, man, it really changes the way you view all of this. So basically what it does is it looks at the correlation between your traditional Google search results versus the citations in those platforms. And now after studying many thousands of these, Google and Perplexity are basically the exactly the same. It's crazy. Perplexity basically uses just Google's index to the fullest extent. And we see this in every report. We'll go I haven't even actually checked this, but just prove it. Let's see here. Perplexity. Yeah. 80 80%. So four out of five basically the same. Okay. And we see this time and time again. And the truth is the one that really diverges away from the rest is actually catchy is the weirdest. It does not use Google as much as people claim. It doesn't use really brave that much. It does a little bit here in this instance. It doesn't use duck.go, which is basically a Bing wrapper, but in this case, it actually did use it pretty well. So, the probably closest correlation would be like Bing because we know that chat GBT and Microsoft have a relationship. But even when we've looked at other reports, it does not it's chat GBT is an weird outlier in that way. Even in this case, like you can see Brave and ChatGBT, there's not really anything. duck.go once again nothing basically no domains being cited and that once again duckgo is just a Bing rapper so chatb is a weird one in that way okay so but this is just a little tool you can use to start to see okay what are these little connections that I'm seeing here and of course this is not like inextensive data research but just in one instance here but when you look at this over and over again you start seeing the same patterns over and over again it starts to become pretty clear and I can tell you 99.9% at this point that Perplexity is basically just a ripoff of Google. Okay, so going off over here, last one we're going to look at here is a local query. So, we looked at some e-commerce. Now, let's look at a local. Once again, local doesn't shift that much in in these spam updates because usually a lot of these websites and these entities are very trusted, have strong link profiles. This this is strong for the local level and you don't see a lot of shifting here. I've been tracking this particular keyword or topic probably for a decade and I can tell you these are the same firms that have been here basically forever. Okay, they don't move. Okay, they don't move and they don't move because they have strong link profiles. They're trusted. They have tons of reviews and so on and so forth. So once again looking at Caner injury law. All right, so they're number five in traditional search. Look at their AI answers. Okay, they're number two most mentioned brand or law firm across the AI answers. Once again, is this because they have one URL ranking will on Google? No, it definitely is not because we go and look at the citations and this one is an interesting one because local is always the trickiest. This is where things diverge a little bit differently than the kind of the more nationalbased because on the local level you don't see as many editorial type of pages ranking. These are basically all competitors, right? Almost every single one of these is a competitor with the exception of best lawyers, best law firms. So like these would be the ones where I would want to make sure that we have visibility. So we'd come over here and I would look specifically for Caner and it actually looks like they are not on the first page here. So, this would be an example where I'd want to pursue this more and make sure that we've got brand coverage on this specific directory. And then once again, another one here, best law firms. We'll go and check out this one and we'll see if Caner's showing up on this one. And they are not. Okay. So, once again, another opportunity to get more brand visibility here. So, there's plenty. We've got basically one, two, three. Let's see how many more. Four. There's a medium here. this. So this is someone trying to attempt to do parasite SEO. This is another example where you can play this game too. So you just go and build out your own dedicated medium post and do that as well. And you can see cancer is actually mentioned on this anyway. So but you can go and do that yourself because that's a parasite opportunity where you can actually own that asset, right? So the biggest thing that determines visibility across Google's AI products on the local level, it's actually insanely simple. It basically just has to do with the local pack, right? So, when we go and look at Cancer Injury Law, you're going to see they have tons of reviews, okay? 500 reviews. Then we go and look at any of the top brands that are showing up here. We'll look at Brown and Groupen. They're going to have a tons of reviews. Okay, so 700 reviews. And then we'll do the last one here, which is underlaw. Okay, I'm sure they're going to have a ton of reviews as well. Okay, so 900. Okay, the top three most recommended brands in St. Louis have the most reviews. They have the most visibility in Google's local pack and Google when you go and look at like we can just run this real quickly. Look at best injury lawyers in St. Louis. Okay, we'll do a manual search and I almost guarantee whoever is doing the best in the local pack. So, we'll look at this. We've got if we exclude the sponsored, we've got Holland, Brown and Groupen, Kaufman. Okay, so just remember those three names. Watch. We're going to go into AI mode. Run the same exact thing. Who's going to show here? It's going to be who's ever doing the best in local pack almost nine times out of 10. Okay, so once again, these pretty much all the same brands I just talked about all in here. All the ones that are doing the best in the local pack. And you can even see the core sources of retrieval are actually Google. Google is citing its own stuff. So this is on the local level. It's a totally different game than the national level. National is heavily editorialbased placements, third-party review directories. Local level, it's because obviously the local pack is the most important product to get visibility on local. It's almost all based on your performance in local pack, all based on your Google business profile. And I'm purely speaking in terms of Google products. So, Google AI mode, Google AI overviews, that's where this the lead domino there is your Google business profile and its performance. As soon as you venture out though outside of Google, that's where things get a lot more interesting, right? Because goo chat GBT isn't going to use Google's Google business profiles for this. So, we'll go into chat GBT and we'll just run this same exact query and you're going to see that it's not going to be using Google business profiles in retrieval, right? It's going to be using third-party directories to ultimately inform itself. It's probably going to use standard traditional search, but it's going to be looking at those specific directories to inform its ability to ultimately deliver a good answer here. So, you can see it's starting to search. It's going through these different platforms. And funny enough, it's going through super lawyers, best lawyers, all of the thirdparty directories that you might see. Now, it's conducting query fan out and looking at some additional law firms. It's investigating those law firms at a deeper level. And you can see that's what it's doing. Okay. So, it's going through that process. It's researching just like a human would in many ways, but it's doing it much faster than any human could ever do. Okay, so that's the thing when you're these agents, you can see specifically it's looking okay, so browsing best. So basically what it means is it used a very simple query just like a human would. So basically took this query used probably something very similar. They don't really reveal it as much as they used to. And then it's looking for reviews specifically. You can see that. Then it's going to go down here and it's going to be looking at directories as I mentioned. And we keep going down and you can see it's going deeper and deeper here. So because this is probably a very important decision, the AI is going extremely aggressive with its research. But once again, you can see there is no Google being used here. Now keep in mind it could be using Google to find these opportunities. It could be using Google to find these sources. That's entirely possible. It could be going direct as well though, right? There is a lot of evidence that it does direct retrieval directly to super lawyers, directly to best lawyers. It might do that. Okay? But when we look at this, you can see what's happening here. There's nothing to do with the Google business profiles. Okay? And we can see it's a slightly different set of personal injury lawyers that are popping up here. Some of are still the same. You got Caner, you got Simon, you got Brown and Krubin. But when we look at this seems to be one of the core sources of retrieval being used, which is a thirdparty directory. So in general, if you're doing local, put 80%, I'd argue maybe 90% of your effort just into Google's, you know, Google local pack, Google business profile, influencing the Google AI products. That should be 90% of your effort. The other 10% is where you want to invest in getting that review diversity, building up these other profiles, doing SEO on these actual websites. Think about these platforms as an SEO opportunity, right? View your profile on these platforms as an SEO opportunity. You want to get visibility on this platform. The better you the better visibility you have in this architecture on this actual platform here, the more likely you're going to be used in retrieval, right? just naturally. If you're buried 15 levels deep into this website, don't expect to get retrieved. You want to be right here. You want to be right in here competing. Okay? So, that's the way you want to be thinking about this in these these spam updates. Once again, the days of, "Oh my gosh, my rankings dropped because of traditional search." You should be still trying to go after traditional search. You should still be trying to rank your own website, but you really want to be thinking about how do I rank as many possible times on the first page as possible. So in this case, I'm not too concerned about if we rank. That's obviously it would be ideal if you ranked number one for your most important keyword. That is not going to hurt you. That is a good thing. But I'd be more concerned about are we getting brand visibility across all of these top ranking results? Are we getting brand visibility across all of the most common sources of retrieval? That's the name of the game now. So, hope that helps. I'll see you in the next video.
